tab_practice.md, before:

---
title: Practice
displaytext: Good Practice
layout:  null
altfooter: true
tab: true
order: 3
tags: project-committee
---

## Vendor Neutrality

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...avoid names that are easily confused with existing organizations or their (commercial) services.
2. ...are truly free and Open Source and do not hide certain features behind any kind of paywall.
3. ...adhere to the ["Recognizing Supporters"](https://owasp.org/www-policy/operational/donations#recognizing-supporters) section of the [Donations Policy](https://owasp.org/www-policy/operational/donations) when refering to supporting individuals or organizations.
4. ...have their own social media presence (e.g. Twitter handle, YouTube channel) and do not "piggy-back" on ones used for commercial purposes.
5. ...have multiple Project Leaders who are not all employed by the same company.

## Community Support

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...have a channel on the official OWASP Slack optimally named `#project-<name>` for easy filtering.

## GitHub

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...live under the <https://github.com/OWASP> GitHub organization and not in private GitHub accounts.
2. ...can alternatively have a dedicated GitHub organization if they consist of multiple repositories.
3. ...respond to GitHub issues and pull requests in a timely and friendly manner.
4. ...have all Project Leaders as administrators on their GitHub repository (especially when it lives outside of <https://github.com/OWASP>).

## Website

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...keep their `www-project-<name>` website up to date (especially regarding release information and project roadmap)
2. ...clearly state they are an OWASP project and link to their OWASP project page from any website they maintain

Commit message:

Add "Uniqueness" section
(counter-proposal to #14)

tab_practice.md, after:

---
title: Practice
displaytext: Good Practice
layout:  null
altfooter: true
tab: true
order: 3
tags: project-committee
---

## Uniqueness

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...are submitted as Incubator projects after checking for (and considering to contribute to) a [possibily existing similar OWASP project](https://owasp.org/projects/) instead 
2. ...have a unique selling point (USP) or vision that sets them apart from [possibly existing similar OWASP projects](https://owasp.org/projects/)

## Vendor Neutrality

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...avoid names that are easily confused with existing organizations or their (commercial) services.
2. ...are truly free and Open Source and do not hide certain features behind any kind of paywall.
3. ...adhere to the ["Recognizing Supporters"](https://owasp.org/www-policy/operational/donations#recognizing-supporters) section of the [Donations Policy](https://owasp.org/www-policy/operational/donations) when refering to supporting individuals or organizations.
4. ...have their own social media presence (e.g. Twitter handle, YouTube channel) and do not "piggy-back" on ones used for commercial purposes.
5. ...have multiple Project Leaders who are not all employed by the same company.

## Community Support

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...have a channel on the official OWASP Slack optimally named `#project-<name>` for easy filtering.

## GitHub

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...live under the <https://github.com/OWASP> GitHub organization and not in private GitHub accounts.
2. ...can alternatively have a dedicated GitHub organization if they consist of multiple repositories.
3. ...respond to GitHub issues and pull requests in a timely and friendly manner.
4. ...have all Project Leaders as administrators on their GitHub repository (especially when it lives outside of <https://github.com/OWASP>).

## Website

Good OWASP Projects...

1. ...keep their `www-project-<name>` website up to date (especially regarding release information and project roadmap)
2. ...clearly state they are an OWASP project and link to their OWASP project page from any website they maintain
