tab_promotions.md, before:

---
title: Promotions
layout:  null
altfooter: true
tab: true
order: 2
tags: project-committee
---

## Promotions

The Project Committee is responsible for the **Project Promotion
Process** which allows projects to progress through the maturity
lifecycle defined in the
[Project Leader Handbook](https://owasp.org/www-pdf-archive/PROJECT_LEADER-HANDBOOK_2014.pdf).

<p>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#53AAE5"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-egg fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#FFA500"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-flask fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#800080"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-cog fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#2ADA08"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-flag fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
</p>

### Requesting Promotion

As a project leader you can request a promotion to the next level via
<https://forms.gle/Gh2Ry3vUjahu73S3A>.

**Please expect a review time of 4-8 weeks!** If this timespan is
significantly exceeded, please feel free to ask for an update via the
Project Committee email or Slack channel!

### Promotion Process

#### Maturity Promotion

<p>
    <i class="fas fa-egg fa-2x" style="color:#53AAE5"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-arrow-right fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-flask fa-2x" style="color:#FFA500"></i>
</p>

Promotions **from Incubator to Lab** level are reviewed by at least one
Project Committee member and one volunteer project leader or second
Project Committee member. The final decision is with the Project
Committee.

<p>
    <i class="fas fa-flask fa-2x" style="color:#FFA500"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-arrow-right fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-cog fa-2x" style="color:#800080"></i>
</p>

Promotions **from Lab to Production** level are reviewed by at least one
Project Committee member and one volunteer project leader or second
Project Committee member. The final decision is with the Project
Committee.

#### Strategic Promotion

<p>
    <i class="fas fa-award fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-arrow-right fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-flag fa-2x" style="color:#2ADA08"></i>
</p>

Please note that promotions **to Flagship** level are not a maturity
progression from Production but _reserved for projects of strategic importance
to OWASP_ and its mission. Requests to promotion to flagship
will be evaluated by the Project Committee and a recommendation brought
to the OWASP Global Board. The final decision is with the Board.

Commit message:

Add maturity level requirements table

tab_promotions.md, after:

---
title: Promotions
layout:  null
altfooter: true
tab: true
order: 2
tags: project-committee
---

## Promotions

The Project Committee is responsible for the **Project Promotion
Process** which allows projects to progress through the maturity
lifecycle defined in the
[Project Leader Handbook](https://owasp.org/www-pdf-archive/PROJECT_LEADER-HANDBOOK_2014.pdf).

<p>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#53AAE5"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-egg fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#FFA500"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-flask fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#800080"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-cog fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
    <span class="fa-stack fa-2x">
        <i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x" style="color:#2ADA08"></i>
        <i class="fas fa-flag fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
    </span>
</p>

### Requesting Promotion

As a project leader you can request a promotion to the next level via
<https://forms.gle/Gh2Ry3vUjahu73S3A>.

**Please expect a review time of 4-8 weeks!** If this timespan is
significantly exceeded, please feel free to ask for an update via the
Project Committee email or Slack channel!

### Maturity Levels

| Requirement                                                            | <i class="fas fa-egg fa-2x" style="color:#53AAE5"></i>Incubator   | <i class="fas fa-flask fa-2x" style="color:#FFA500"></i>Lab                               | <i class="fas fa-cog fa-2x" style="color:#800080"></i>Production                                                                                                                                       |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Activity                                                               | -                                                                 | ≥1 major release                                                                          | ≥1 major release per year and regular minor/patch releases                                                                                                                                             |
| Documentation                                                          | Project website exists and describes project's intent and purpose | Reasonable instructions for installation, usage or implementation exist                   | Fully scoped usage documentation, Contribution guidelines etc. exist                                                                                                                                   | 
| Support                                                                | -                                                                 | Slack channel or other support queue exists; GitHub issues are taken care of in due time  | Slack channel or other support queue are monitored and managed; GitHub issues are properly managed and worked on                                                                                       |
| Contributions                                                          | -                                                                 | Contribution guidelines exist; Contributions (e.g. Pull Requests) are handled in due time | Contributor onboarding is managed properly; Project participated in ≥1 [GSoC](https://owasp.org/www-community/initiatives/gsoc/), OWASP Project Summit or similar event; PRs are monitored and managed | 
| Usage                                                                  | -                                                                 | -                                                                                         | Evidence of significant use, e.g. via GitHub, DockerHub, SourceForge statistics                                                                                                                        |
| Age                                                                    | -                                                                 | 3-6 months                                                                                | \>1 year                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Good Practice](https://owasp.org/www-committee-project/#div-practice) | Known and considered                                              | Mostly taken into account                                                                 | Fully taken into account                                                                                                                                                                               |

### Promotion Process

#### Maturity Promotion

<p>
    <i class="fas fa-egg fa-2x" style="color:#53AAE5"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-arrow-right fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-flask fa-2x" style="color:#FFA500"></i>
</p>

Promotions **from Incubator to Lab** level are reviewed by at least one
Project Committee member and one volunteer project leader or second
Project Committee member. The final decision is with the Project
Committee.

<p>
    <i class="fas fa-flask fa-2x" style="color:#FFA500"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-arrow-right fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-cog fa-2x" style="color:#800080"></i>
</p>

Promotions **from Lab to Production** level are reviewed by at least one
Project Committee member and one volunteer project leader or second
Project Committee member. The final decision is with the Project
Committee.

#### Strategic Promotion

<p>
    <i class="fas fa-award fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-arrow-right fa-2x"></i>
    <i class="fas fa-flag fa-2x" style="color:#2ADA08"></i>
</p>

Please note that promotions **to Flagship** level are not a maturity
progression from Production but _reserved for projects of strategic importance
to OWASP_ and its mission. Requests to promotion to flagship
will be evaluated by the Project Committee and a recommendation brought
to the OWASP Global Board. The final decision is with the Board.
